Are you awake, sleepy head?
I miss you already.
Where are you?
Didn't you promise not to go anywhere?
Where have you been? Why didn't you text me?
Sorry.
I'm not feeling well today, so I didn't text you.
Don't be sad.
I'm sorry
It's okay.
Just knowing that you're okay is enough.
How are you feeling.
I'm having headache and a little fever.
I should get better after some sleep.
Have some rest then. Get well soon.
Boss..
You're sending this many stuffs?
I'm worry about you so I sent you a lot of things.
What is this?
Mackeral chilli paste.
My favourite.
What is this clip?
Play it.
Can we stop being friend?
I want to use the word love with you.
Can you and I change to lover?
Having meal at Siam Square One.
Say good bye to the word friend and start loving each other.
I'm very worry about you. Get well soon, so we can go eat together.
Boss...
You don't have to do this much.
They say...
having good support will help recovering your mind and body.
Get well soon.
Okay.
I want to say sorry again for disappearing like that.
That's fine.
I'll always wait for you.
Such a dramatic person.
I'll get some sleep now.
Tono, just a second.
I want to get a reward...
I carefully took of all fish bones for you.
What reward?
Close your eyes first.
Hey, why are you teasing me like this?
Who said that I will kiss you?
Good bye.
Let's unbox this package to see...
what has Tono sent me.
Oh, it's a t-shirt.
The meaning is so good.
what i have with you,I don't want with anyone else.
Do you know that no one ever drew me a picture before?
Here it is. I did it for you, is it beautiful?
Yes, but the mouth looked like I was punced.
Calm down, it still need a bit of blending.
I forgot.
I need to add a double chin.
There is a double chin at the space under my chin, but the space beside me...
is still empty.
So I'm being with you every day, doesn't count, right?
Hey, it's not like that.
I'm here with you.
Thank you for the drawing.
It's okay.
I do it because I'm free.
You drew me so pretty,
If I'm not all the same as what seen in the photo,
will you still like me?
Why did you ask that?
Just asking.
If you want to know the answer,
come to meet me quickly then.
I have something for you,
to thank you for the drawing.
Wait a minute.
So excited.
Don't tease me.
Plesse don't mock me if it doesn't sound good.
Can you please stay with me for a long long time.
I can't help but saying that I love you.
Will you keep the love that I've given you?
I only want to only be with you tonight.
Wow, that's so good.
Good but it will be better if you don't sing.
Boss,
when can we talk without the filter?
Oh, you noticed me? I see you were playing game.
Um, I finished.
Boss, seriously...
I feel that we barely know each other.
Shall we get to know more about each other?
Sure.
Where should we start?
I don't know.
So, do you have picture when you were a kid or in school?
Hm. I'll sent it to you.
you went to this school?
Yep.
But it's not important, I was just a kid.
What did you like to do when you were a kid?
Just normal things like other kids.
That's not fun at all.
Here, look at my picture.
Such a nerd.
I may look like a nerd but I'm very into anime.
Baki. Momotaro. Naruto. One piece.
At night before bed, I liked to fight.
I'd jump up and down alone so loudly that my dad yelled at me.
That's so cute.
That might be the last memory I have of my dad.
My parents got divorce not so long after that.
Until these days,
I still never contacted him.
That's okay.
You have me right now.
I'll be everything for you.
I can be your dad too.
Your dad, my ass.
So, I told you about myself,
do you have anything to tell me?
Me?
Nattanon Ratri. That's a cool name.
Why were you named Boss?
I used to be a fat boy who liked to give others order.
So, I was named Boss.
But I have sexy shape now, do you want to see?
Pull it down.
Or I'm hanging up.
I was joking.
We can get to know more, when we really meet.
Do not rush.
Hm, okay.
I'll take a shower now. I'm feeling so sticky.
Okay.
What's up? How's your love life with your lover? How is it?
What lover? There's nothing between me and him.
I'm just joking, don't be so upset.
Jade, I want to ask you something. It's so strange.
I've known him for a long time but I barely know anything about him.
So I'm not sure, if this relationship will work.
Are you happy when you're with him?
If you can fully be yourself, you can smile and laugh,
isn't that enough?
Yeah, I'm very happy.
I am more happy everyday with him.
That's why I want to know more about him.
I feel like he is hiding something.
There's something he doesn't want to tell me.
Calm down. Don't overthink.
Do you know his first name and last name?
You should search that on Google?
Hm, will it work?
You've got nothing to lose.
Okay, I'll try it.
Who is he ?!?
Jade, I need your help.